Adding zookeeper to paasta playground (#3531)
Yelp/paasta: docs/source/paasta_development.rst

Steps below outline running PaaSTA playground components with a debugger attached:

> 1. Run ``make generate_deployments_for_service`` to run the Make targets that generates the ``etc_paasta_playground`` and ``soa_config_playground`` directories and ``deployments.json`` files.

Reviewer: feel free to ignore: ```suggestion
1. Run ``make generate_deployments_for_service`` to run the Make targets that generate the ``etc_paasta_playground`` and ``soa_config_playground`` directories and the ``deployments.json`` file.
```
